# Tensorflow
TensorFlow, as the name indicates, is a framework to define and run computations involving tensors. 
## High-level API

### Keras

### Eager Execution

### Importing Data

## Estimators

## Accelerators

## Low-level API

### Tensors
A tensor is a generalization of vectors and matrices to potentially higher dimensions. Internally, TensorFlow represents tensors as n-dimensional arrays of base datatypes.  
A tf.Tensor has the following properties:  a data type (float32, int32, or string, for example)  + a shape
#### Rank
The rank of a tf.Tensor object is its number of dimensions.  
Rank 0 = 标量， Rank 1 = 向量， Rank 2 = 矩阵， Rank n = n维Tensor
#### Shape
The shape of a tensor is the number of elements in each dimension.

Rank | Shape | Dimension number | Example
--- | --- | --- | ---
0 | [] | 0-D | A 0-D tensor.  A scalar.
1 | [D0] | 1-D | A 1-D tensor with shape [5].
2 | [D0, D1] | 2-D | A 2-D tensor with shape [3, 4].
3 | [D0, D1, D2] | 3-D | A 3-D tensor with shape [1, 4, 3].
n | [D0, D1, ... Dn-1] | n-D | A tensor with shape [D0, D1, ... Dn-1].

#### Getting a tf.Tensor object's shape
#### Changing the shape of a tf.Tensor
#### Data types
When creating a tf.Tensor from a python object you may optionally specify the datatype. If you don't, TensorFlow chooses a datatype that can represent your data. TensorFlow converts Python integers to tf.int32 and python floating point numbers to tf.float32. Otherwise TensorFlow uses the same rules numpy uses when converting to arrays.
#### Evaluating Tensors
#### Printing Tensors


遇到的困惑：一开始不是很能体会shape和Dimension, 在联系Variable的函数时才更明白了一些。  
例： my_int_variable = tf.get_variable("my_int_variable", [1, 2, 3], dtype=tf.int32, initializer=tf.zeros_initializer)  
这行代码的输出结果是 [[[0 0 0] [0 0 0]]]
命令行输出的结果有点不明显，改下格式 : 【       【【0 0 0】   【0 0 0】】       】, 最外面大括号为第一个维度，第二个大括号为第二个维度，剩下的包括3个0的大括号为第三个维度

### Variables
这一章不太看得懂
#### Creating a Variable
tf.get_variable function
#### Variable collections
#### Device placement
#### Initializing variables
session.run(tf.global_variables_initializer())

### Graphs and Sessions
TensorFlow uses a dataflow graph to represent your computation in terms of the dependencies between individual operations. This leads to a low-level programming model in which you first define the dataflow graph, then create a TensorFlow session to run parts of the graph across a set of local and remote devices.


A computational graph is a series of TensorFlow operations arranged into a graph. The graph is composed of two types of objects.  
* tf.Operation (or "ops"): The nodes of the graph. Operations describe calculations that consume and produce tensors.
* tf.Tensor: The edges in the graph. These represent the values that will flow through the graph. Most TensorFlow functions return tf.Tensors.

**Important: tf.Tensors do not have values, they are just handles to elements in the computation graph.** 

#### Dataflow graphs
Dataflow is a common programming model for parallel computing.
#### tf.Graph
##### Graph structure
##### Graph collections
#### Dataflow graphs
#### Naming operations
The graph visualizer uses name scopes to group operations and reduce the visual complexity of a graph.
#### Placing operations on different devices
Tensorflow 可以将ops分配到不同的设备上运行
#### Tensor-like objects
#### Executing a graph in a tf.Session
#### Visualizing your graph
Tensorboard
#### Programming with multiple graphs


### Control flow

### Save and Restore
The tf.train.Saver class provides methods to save and restore models. The tf.saved_model.simple_save function is an easy way to build a tf.saved_model suitable for serving.
#### Save and restore variables
TensorFlow saves variables in binary checkpoint files that map variable names to tensor values.  
Saver 对象也可以自由地选择ariables进行保存和载入  
TF 提供了inspect_checkpoint 用于查看ckpt文件中的数据
#### Save and restore models
Use SavedModel to save and load your model—variables, the graph, and the graph's metadata.
##### Simple save
##### Manually build a SavedModel
The tf.saved_model.builder.SavedModelBuilder class provides functionality to save multiple MetaGraphDefs.A MetaGraph is a dataflow graph, plus its associated variables, assets, and signatures.
##### Loading a SavedModel in Python
The Python version of the SavedModel tf.saved_model.loader provides load and restore capability for a SavedModel. The load operation requires the following information:

    The session in which to restore the graph definition and variables.
    The tags used to identify the MetaGraphDef to load.
    The location (directory) of the SavedModel.

Upon a load, the subset of variables, assets, and signatures supplied as part of the specific MetaGraphDef will be restored into the supplied session.
### Ragged Tensors
